Documentation/1-getting-started/NEW_AGENT_GUIDE.md, before:

# New Agent Guide - Lovable CRM

## 👋 Welcome to Lovable CRM!

This guide will help you understand our project structure, current state, and implementation standards. Please read this document completely before starting any development work.

## 🎯 Project Overview

Lovable CRM is a modern, user-friendly customer relationship management system built with:
- Next.js for the frontend
- Supabase for backend/database
- Framer Motion for animations
- TailwindCSS for styling

### Current Implementation Status
- ✅ Dashboard: New UI patterns implemented
- ✅ Contacts: Scheduling system integrated
- ✅ Calendar: Event management
- ✅ Tasks: Assignment system

## 🏗 Core Architecture

### Three-Column Layout Standard
Every page follows our standard three-column layout:

1. **Column 1: Static Navigation**
   - Fixed position
   - Persists across page transitions
   - Global navigation

2. **Column 2: Main Content**
   - Primary content area
   - List views
   - Search/filter interfaces

3. **Column 3: Split View**
   - Default shows two cards that merge
   - Page-specific default views:
     - Dashboard: Recent Updates
     - Contacts: Add New Contact
     - (Other pages TBD)

### Standard Page Load Animation Sequence
1. Column 1 remains static
2. Columns 2 & 3 slide in from right
3. Column 3's split cards merge animation

```typescript
// Standard animation configuration
const pageTransitionConfig = {
  columns: {
    initial: { x: "100%" },
    animate: {
      x: 0,
      transition: {
        type: "spring",
        stiffness: 35,
        damping: 30
      }
    }
  }
}

// Split view animation
const splitViewConfig = {
  initial: {
    upper: { y: "-50%" },
    lower: { y: "50%" }
  },
  animate: {
    upper: { y: 0 },
    lower: { y: 0 }
  }
}
```

## 🎨 UI/UX Standards

### Component Structure
```typescript
<PageLayout>
  <StaticNav />  {/* Column 1 */}
  
  <motion.div variants={pageTransitionConfig.columns}>
    <MainContent />  {/* Column 2 */}
    <SplitView>     {/* Column 3 */}
      <UpperCard />
      <LowerCard />
    </SplitView>
  </motion.div>
</PageLayout>
```

### Key Features
1. **Scheduling System**
   - Calendar integration
   - Event management
   - Activity tracking

2. **Tag Management**
   - Contact tagging
   - Tag filtering
   - Bulk tag operations

3. **Search & Filters**
   - Advanced search
   - Smart filters
   - Saved searches

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Before You Code
- Read through this entire document
- Understand the three-column layout
- Review animation patterns
- Check current implementation status

### 2. Development Guidelines
- Follow existing animation patterns
- Maintain consistent styling
- Use provided component structures
- Test across all layout states

### 3. Common Patterns

#### State Management
```typescript
const [data, setData] = useState<Data[]>([])
const [selected, setSelected] = useState<Data | null>(null)
const [view, setView] = useState<ViewPreferences>({})
```

#### Animation Implementation
```typescript
const containerVariants = {
  hidden: { opacity: 0 },
  visible: {
    opacity: 1,
    transition: {
      staggerChildren: 0.05
    }
  }
}
```

## 🎯 Current Focus
- Implementing new UI patterns across all pages
- Enhancing animation consistency
- Improving user experience
- Maintaining performance

## ⚠️ Important Notes

### Do Not
- Change existing animation patterns
- Modify the three-column layout structure
- Implement features without checking documentation
- Skip animation implementations

### Always
- Follow existing patterns
- Test animations thoroughly
- Maintain consistent styling
- Check responsive behavior

## 📚 Additional Resources

For more detailed information, refer to:
- `/Documentation/2-core-standards/UI_STANDARDS.md`
- `/Documentation/2-core-standards/COMPONENT_LIBRARY.md`
- `/Documentation/3-implementation-guides/`

## 🤝 Need Help?

1. Check the documentation first
2. Review existing implementations
3. Ask for clarification on specific patterns
4. Request additional documentation if needed

Remember: Consistency is key! When in doubt, refer back to this guide or ask for clarification.

Commit message:

feat(contacts): Complete contacts section with new UI
- Implement new split view UI for contacts
- Add form submission animations
- Implement ContactFormContext for state management
- Add comprehensive filtering and sorting
- Update UI standards documentation
- Add database migrations for contact fields
- Improve error handling and validation

Documentation/1-getting-started/NEW_AGENT_GUIDE.md, after:

# New Agent Guide - Lovable CRM

## ⚠️ CRITICAL WARNING - LEGACY CODE

**IMPORTANT:** This project has undergone a major UI overhaul. There are legacy files from the old implementation that should NOT be modified or referenced:

- Any component files not following the new three-column layout pattern
- Old form implementations that don't use the split-card animation pattern
- Components that don't implement the latest UI standards

When working on features:
1. ALWAYS verify you are working with the newest implementation
2. Check if a component follows the new split-card animation pattern
3. If unsure, confirm the file is part of the new UI system before making any changes
4. For new features (like Tasks), use the new templates and patterns ONLY

Current Status:
- Contacts section: Being updated to new UI (in progress)
- Tasks section: Will be built from scratch using new patterns
- Legacy files: Will be cleaned up after full migration

## 👋 Welcome to Lovable CRM!

This guide will help you understand our project structure, current state, and implementation standards. Please read this document completely before starting any development work.

## 🎯 Project Overview

Lovable CRM is a modern, user-friendly customer relationship management system built with:
- Next.js for the frontend
- Supabase for backend/database
- Framer Motion for animations
- TailwindCSS for styling

### Current Implementation Status
- ✅ Dashboard: New UI patterns implemented
- ✅ Contacts: Scheduling system integrated
- ✅ Calendar: Event management
- ✅ Tasks: Assignment system

## 🏗 Core Architecture

### Three-Column Layout Standard
Every page follows our standard three-column layout:

1. **Column 1: Static Navigation**
   - Fixed position
   - Persists across page transitions
   - Global navigation

2. **Column 2: Main Content**
   - Primary content area
   - List views
   - Search/filter interfaces

3. **Column 3: Split View**
   - Default shows two cards that merge
   - Page-specific default views:
     - Dashboard: Recent Updates
     - Contacts: Add New Contact
     - (Other pages TBD)

### Standard Page Load Animation Sequence
1. Column 1 remains static
2. Columns 2 & 3 slide in from right
3. Column 3's split cards merge animation

```typescript
// Standard animation configuration
const pageTransitionConfig = {
  columns: {
    initial: { x: "100%" },
    animate: {
      x: 0,
      transition: {
        type: "spring",
        stiffness: 35,
        damping: 30
      }
    }
  }
}

// Split view animation
const splitViewConfig = {
  initial: {
    upper: { y: "-50%" },
    lower: { y: "50%" }
  },
  animate: {
    upper: { y: 0 },
    lower: { y: 0 }
  }
}
```

## 🎨 UI/UX Standards

### Component Structure
```typescript
<PageLayout>
  <StaticNav />  {/* Column 1 */}
  
  <motion.div variants={pageTransitionConfig.columns}>
    <MainContent />  {/* Column 2 */}
    <SplitView>     {/* Column 3 */}
      <UpperCard />
      <LowerCard />
    </SplitView>
  </motion.div>
</PageLayout>
```

### Key Features
1. **Scheduling System**
   - Calendar integration
   - Event management
   - Activity tracking

2. **Tag Management**
   - Contact tagging
   - Tag filtering
   - Bulk tag operations

3. **Search & Filters**
   - Advanced search
   - Smart filters
   - Saved searches

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Before You Code
- Read through this entire document
- Understand the three-column layout
- Review animation patterns
- Check current implementation status

### 2. Development Guidelines
- Follow existing animation patterns
- Maintain consistent styling
- Use provided component structures
- Test across all layout states

### 3. Common Patterns

#### State Management
```typescript
const [data, setData] = useState<Data[]>([])
const [selected, setSelected] = useState<Data | null>(null)
const [view, setView] = useState<ViewPreferences>({})
```

#### Animation Implementation
```typescript
const containerVariants = {
  hidden: { opacity: 0 },
  visible: {
    opacity: 1,
    transition: {
      staggerChildren: 0.05
    }
  }
}
```

## 🎯 Current Focus
- Implementing new UI patterns across all pages
- Enhancing animation consistency
- Improving user experience
- Maintaining performance

## ⚠️ Important Notes

### Do Not
- Change existing animation patterns
- Modify the three-column layout structure
- Implement features without checking documentation
- Skip animation implementations

### Always
- Follow existing patterns
- Test animations thoroughly
- Maintain consistent styling
- Check responsive behavior

## 📚 Additional Resources

For more detailed information, refer to:
- `/Documentation/2-core-standards/UI_STANDARDS.md`
- `/Documentation/2-core-standards/COMPONENT_LIBRARY.md`
- `/Documentation/3-implementation-guides/`

## 🤝 Need Help?

1. Check the documentation first
2. Review existing implementations
3. Ask for clarification on specific patterns
4. Request additional documentation if needed

Remember: Consistency is key! When in doubt, refer back to this guide or ask for clarification.
